Oh, son.
What are you doing here without sleeping at night?
Looking for something? What?
So important
Oops, mom is sleepy, mom is going to sleep
Why don't you rest early?
Too hard to serve
Let me send him the ring I received.
He thought I was cheap and soiled his ring
He actually hit me and rummaged through the young lady's things
That arrogant look
Just like the two people at the party
Why are you here?
This is me and the tight bedroom
What will be wrong with me in the future?
If you can see more, you can see more.
Maybe.
I can't even get in the door
Why are you touching my stuff?
These things
It's Lu Taiping
Not your eyes
Did you see it?
Jingshen put your wedding ring
Brought it to me
It won't be long
I am the justifiable Mrs. Lu
Why are you still relying on him?
No way. It must be a fake
You are the fake
The war has been going on for so long and I'm still not satisfied.
How can I be cautious with my wedding ring?
You're not divorcing me?
As long as I am Mrs. Lu for one day
You will always be the little three who can't see the light
But
perfunctory